<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_2933_104_T48_701524113">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">2933.104</ph> Protests to GAO.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) <i>Protests before award.</i> The authority of the relevant HCA under FAR 33.104(b) to authorize a contract award when the agency has received notice from the GAO of a protest filed directly with the GAO is nondelegable. In coordination with the Office of the Solicitor, the HCA prepares the written finding with the information required by FAR 33.104(b)(1).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Protests after award.</i> The authority of the HCA under FAR 33.104(c) to authorize contract performance when the agency has received notice from the GAO of a protest filed directly with the GAO is nondelegable. In coordination with the Office of the Solicitor, the HCA prepares and provides to the GAO the written finding with the information required by FAR 33.104(c)(2).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Notice to the GAO.</i> The authority of the HCA under FAR 33.104(g), to report to the GAO the failure to fully implement the GAO recommendations with respect to a solicitation for a contract or an award or a proposed award of a contract within 60 days of receiving the GAO recommendations, is nondelegable. The written notice must be coordinated with the Office of the Solicitor.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
