<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_2952_245-71_T48_7018351115">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">2952.245-71</ph> Asset Reporting Requirements.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 2945.105-70, insert the following clause:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Asset Reporting Requirements (JUL 2019)
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">(A) Definitions
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">“Accountable Property” is a term to identify property that is essential to DOL operations for which it is in the best interest of the Government to assign and record accountability to assure proper use, maintenance, and disposal. This includes items purchased and obtained through a “lease-to-own” program. The following items are DOL Accountable Property:
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			DOL-owned or DOL-leased serialized items (<i>i.e.,</i> items with a manufacturer's serial number) with an acquisition unit cost above $3,000.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(2) DOL-owned or DOL-leased “sensitive items.”
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(3) DOL-owned or DOL-leased furniture with an acquisition unit cost above $10,000. Items with an acquisition unit cost less than $10,000 are not applicable. “Sensitive Items” are defined as items, regardless of value, that have appeal to others and may therefore be subject to theft or to security concerns, or that are considered mission critical. The following are considered sensitive items, as well as any other items identified as sensitive by the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR):
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			Desktops and Laptops, including docking stations and connectable monitors.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(2) PDAs/iPads/SurfacePros/Tablets.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(3) Printers and Copiers.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(4) Software Licenses, including media.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(5) Mobile Devices.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(6) Firearms.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(7) Communication Equipment (<i>e.g.</i> telephone base and handsets, mobile radio equipment, etc.).
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(8) Conference/Audio-Visual Equipment.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(9) Power/Specialty Tools (<i>e.g.</i> lab equipment, postage meters, etc.).
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">(B) Requirements
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">The contractor shall submit a DOL Asset Report at time of delivery for both Accountable Property and Sensitive Items. The DOL Asset Report shall be delivered electronically to the COR. DOL Asset Reports shall include Accountable Property and Sensitive Items that have been delivered. The report shall be formatted as an Office Open XML Spreadsheet (.XLSX) document, and adhere to following DOL Asset Report Requirements:
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) Award/Purchase Number. The award number issued by the Government.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) Date Shipped. The date the item was shipped to the Government.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(c) Asset Type. The contract Line-Item Description.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(d) Manufacturer. The manufacturer of the item.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(e) Model. The model (name and/or number) of the item.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(f) Serial Number. The serial number of the item.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(g) DOL Asset Number. The number of the barcode applied before shipping (if barcoding is required by the award).
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(h) Government Shipping Street Address. The shipping street address of where the item was delivered.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(i) Warrantied Item. Indicates whether an item is warrantied (Y or N).
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(j) Warranty Time frame. The start and end date of the warranty (if applicable).
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(k) Cost. Acquisition cost per unit and total cost of purchase.</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of Clause)


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
